So now that we know why we're working with the Serverless Framework,
let's dive into it a little more.
First,
I want to really quickly differentiate between the
Serverless Framework and serverless frameworks.
The Serverless Framework is a specific open source
framework from the folks at serverless.com, and
disclaimer, as of the making of this course,
I am currently employed there,
so definitely be sure to take that as a grain of salt when
you're considering which frameworks to use.
There's also the serverless frameworks,
which are many other frameworks that focus on the Functions
as a Service, or serverless paradigm.
Now there's plenty of other options to choose from,
so don't take my word for it and go play around with
them before you make your decision.
Let's look at some of the benefits of the Serverless
Framework. Now I mentioned some of these before,
including the standard project structure and some of the ease that you
might be able to use in deploying and packaging up your functions. With
the Serverless Framework though, you're also going to get a bunch of
plugins and examples for doing common use cases that you might have with
serverless application development.
There's also the Serverless Dashboard.
Now with the Serverless Dashboard,
you'll be able to integrate monitoring and tooling that doesn't come out of
the box from AWS. Now there's a few different configuration options when
working with the Serverless Framework. You can use local AWS access keys,
like the ones we set up with the AWS CLI,
or you can integrate with the Serverless Dashboard to deploy through the
dashboard to AWS. With local AWS access keys, we have our laptop and
these AWS access keys that live on them that then authenticate our API
requests through the AWS SDKs or the CLI into the AWS cloud. With the
Serverless Dashboard, however,
we'd use our laptop and then a key to the Serverless Dashboard that
then runs through the Serverless Dashboard and an AWS access role that
we configure with our AWS account to the deployments to AWS. So, how
can we go about using the Serverless Framework and what benefits is it
going to offer us?
Well,
we'll do our local development on our machine like we normally would, except
we'll have a serverless.yml file and the Serverless Framework dependency
installed on our machines. Then we'll write the code for our Lambda functions
and also manage the dependencies locally.
But the framework will help us take all of this and deploy it into the AWS
cloud. By running the serverless deploy command, we'll be able to ship
everything over to AWS and create different events, like API Gateway
events, to trigger our Lambda functions or CloudWatch events similar to the
ones we were creating earlier.
Then, we'll have those Lambda functions created inside of AWS, and
if there's any other resources that we require,
like DynamoDB tables or SQS queues, we could create those
using the serverless.yml file, and have them also created for
us with serverless deploy. Now,
maybe this sounds a little too good to be true, so in the next video, let's take a look at the demo and dive right into it.